* Wednesday, 08/04/2021
** 00:04
   Hey there
   This is my first journal (sort of) I tried out a testing face before but i dont know where that went. Theres so much to talk about. where do i start?
   dont sound like a wierdo
   today was the second to last session of polygence. the dude is really nice and helpful, and i really want to finish the proyecto, but i cant cuz its too hard
   its not hard i just dont have the time to do it
   petsfriend ditched, but shes nice, and joshuas really nice too
   jayanti is tomorrow. óx her into the ground 6 feet under
   we won the hackathon yay
   o i just realized that its the new day already
   its time to go to sleep, but im not sleepy. im never sleepy at night, which is why i go to bed at 2 by watching youtube and movies. im watching dachiegames right now, and hes pretty funny but not very smart
   the biggest thing: me and the bothoth played a shat ton of weedeo games. aid didnt hoin cuz he saw too late. we tried to play cards of humanity earlier, but that turned out to be stupid
** 00:11
   hey there
   just checking what the new entry elisp function does
   anyways
   aid completely messed up the cards against humanity game. haenis said he wanted to play, but then ditched right before we were going to get started, and then everybody else dyed too. i unlocked brynn in brawl shaz, cuz shes very annoying when gek plays with her, but i couldnt figure her out at all
   i masturbate
   thats a thing that happens
   ive told nobody else, but me (the journal)
   also i want to swear
   but i dont
   fuck
   hehe
   good night
   im just kidding
   i need to figure out a way to encrypt these journals
   gpg is pretty nice. i could make a crontab to keep all of the journals encrypted
   taskwarrior is also very nice. i made a handy dmenu script to automate adding, listing, and doneing tasks. it helps me to keep track of all the tasks that i need to do
   for example: get a life (im just kidding)
   i dont like to masturbate, but i do anyways cuz im ee horny teenager - i lied i love it
   i love lala a lot and i dont want anything bad to happen to him
   i like writing in this journal. i think ill do it again tomorrow
   i need to remember to keep writing every time i need to remember something
   haduri salvameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
   salvando y carrando is fun. i get to flex on all the bothoth
   idk what else to write
   im scared for 12th grade and all things related to college. i dont want to leave home and go somewhere else. i need to get into stanford or berkeley to stay close to home
   fuck
   good night
   it was nice talking to you
   i lied i came back
   i think im addicted to writing journals now
   i also need to back up these journals to github after encrypting them
   i should start writing an important git stuffs file rite now. i think ill do that
   i also love mammam and baba but i dont tell them that cuz ill look stoopid but thats stoopid to think that idk
   i dont like swearing. i wont do it again
   i do like masturbating tho. ill do it right now
   óx is a fun word
   
   
** 07:42
   i guess this is my first morning
   i have bangla class right now. munmun is very nice, and i really do not want to stop it. mammam and baba want me to stop it. it helps me just tell stuff to another person without thinking much
** 15:08
   jayantis class just got over. i cheated through all of the questions that she made me do cuz im a rebel. im not going to do that again
   the class schedules came. i got a very easy schedule, with no hard teachers. lala got tanabe so i told him to suk up a lot
   
   
